# javaFinalprojects
In this will contain my two final projects for my class.
One file will be a codebreaker program.  It will prompt the user for two files.  The idea is that this codebreak program will break a simple cipher. Essentially the first program will be an all ready unencoded text file, it can be anything really.  The idea is that the frequency of letters that appear are essentially constant in the English language.  So you take the first file and read it and count the frequency of the letters, then you do the same for the file you want to decode.  Then you match the two letters with the highest frequency together and keep going until you finish going through all the letters and you have the key formed.  Note there will be some errors due to files not matching so it wont 100% decode a message but it will be largely readable.  And remember this only works for simple ciphers.
The next file is class that will procedurally generate a map.  I created the class and all the methods the Main java file was provided for me to test if my class is correct.  The idea behind the procedurally generated map was to use a double array, which will represent a grid.  Then it will run through the array and seed 2% of the grid with a random land tile. Then based of those tiles it will loop through the array and create the map based off the parameters given to me.
NOTE: I DID NOT CREATE THE "MapView.java" file IT WAS GIVEN TO ME BY MY INSTRUCTOR I AM ONLY PROVIDING IT SO THAT OTHERS CAN TEST MY "Map" CLASS
